consider in more detail the control body
camera based on the same 65 model cramped
they are all made the same and taking another
any model
men do not have to relearn
press the same buttons and so on
the shutter buttons are turning
power switch is very convenient because
that you will intercept cameras
pulls through the bags immediately finished shooting
there is also a lock in front of the cameras
bayonet which when pressed and rotated
pro clockwise allows you to take off
lens and change to put another what
put it back do the same
put the red dot the red dot
turn clockwise to
flick
here are the gloves mode
auto focus auto manual and on
camera and on some lenses this
there is always the main thing here almost frames on
the lens so start getting from
him and the synod in front of the manual focus mode
on the left side of the camera we see behind
rubber plugs from dust and moisture under
which are power connectors
cable include camera thousand dima and
headphone microphones for video recording and
whether bessonov control hold
on the other side closed we have a connector
sd or sony memory card doors
memory stick
and finally the top panel where is
he himself chop up the important things to the right
sensitivity exposure compensation button
under the index finger button
switch viewfinder screen pro
This will tell later more in detail
microphone for recording video shoe for
receiving flash and accessories and drive
mode selection is the most important thing
control here turn and
we see different icons of the letter which
mean different shooting mode they
all rendered ships need to climb the menu and
my key and almost blindly looking in
they say
the back of the camera is the screen because he
hard to prevent from scratching
when carried it allows you to rotate in
different degrees
in different directions it allows you to shoot and
bus reduced angles and angles at all
sony alpha cameras
the smallest 30 we model he spins
a bit smaller in 99 professional types
more
to the right of her under the thumb other
controls video record button
digital zoom exposure lock
com to function the most important menu too
which collects all the important things even
there is a help button this
four-way joystick too
used to navigate the menu and
different functions of the most important when shooting
actually almost nothing
to get
special menu all important and
quick change mode is here on
arenas of the righteous